Go to the following **IBM developerWorks** page:

<http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/cloud/library/cl-deploy-a-hello-world-webpage-to-bluemix-app/>

![](/media/6d10ad6190c1e0891853ae9c05cc82a8.png)

Feel free to use the information on this page to get a deeper understanding of
how the overall process works, but for now, scroll down to the subheading:

**Don't want to create the app yourself?**

You should see a button like this:

![](/media/98f5dbc24d64d3ac2d8f5961bf9d95cd.png)

After clicking this button, you will be redirected into the IBM DevOps service,
where you can begin editing the sample website:

![](/media/5a38d7ff9a5f2c8c40048b764e7a4e1d.png)

You will be prompted to login -- use you Bluemix username and password.

After login, you are asked to provide a name for your new website, and to select
which Bluemix region (US South or UK) as the hosting environment. As for the
Node-RED application earlier, choose a name which will be unique. We will use
**IOT-WS-Home** as the example.

![](/media/eb1784bc54019fe844096623abadc7a1.png)

Now click on the **Deploy** Button.

The deployment will progress:

![](/media/f08faa25764bd7de0e6e1a210c9fae70.png)

Taking a minute or two to complete the Bluemix deployment.

![](/media/c0e637e839d14e13b2be4e6cc7aaeb58.png)

A successful deployment will present you with the options of editing code, or
viewing your new app.

![](/media/c945a18cef18990357632134ab6ffb04.png)

If you click View Your App, you should see something like this:

![](/media/b506824f0551b555529f8bf77ff5da13.png)

Edit the website to load the device history into a dashboard
============================================================

The website provides you with a mechanism to start visualizing the data you've
started collecting in the database. A dashboard lets the end-user say different
views and/or aspects of the data, enabling them to see changes or patterns which
could be interesting or significant.

Selecting the Edit Code option from the previous DevOps page, you'll be taken to
the project view of the online development tools:

![](/media/1490d3283540c152a70af57dd82ed1be.png)

From here, click on `index.html` to open an edit window:

![](/media/972e5d28a44d53fd6c4a4e96d0eb1944.png)

Update the contents of index.html to connect to your history display URL:

	<html>
		<body>
		Hello, Bluemix World!
		<p>
		<iframe height=400 width=400

			src=http://iot-ws.eu-gb.mybluemix.net/history>

		</iframe>
		</body>
	</html>


To look like this (with adjustments for your URL):

![](/media/1af359880d67a65fc0f93c4bd8b9ee4d.png)

Click on the white triangle/arrow highlighted by the red circle; this will push
your changes into the running website.

The status area to the left of the arrow will change to:

![](/media/003fa0e56e6d4921aed2b134d005f795.png)

When this changes to show that the application is running again, click on the
launch icon indicated by the green circle in the above screen-shot.

You should now have a page similar to this:

![](/media/ddccabdf3376dd16e461f674a6ee4e9c.png)

It's a little rough, but shows the beginnings of a dashboard to monitor the
history of your device. You will notice that the content in the iframe updates
itself every 5 seconds -- this is controlled by the html generated by the `format
page` node in the Node-RED flows.

To enrich this a little, you could try adding another iframe to the page,
referencing the view of the IOT Sensor in the Quickstart application. The URL
will be similar to

<https://quickstart.internetofthings.ibmcloud.com/#/device/c762abcd7009a> with
the last 12 characters being your own device identifier -- the same Device Id
used when you configured the IOT App In node in your Node-RED application.

You might end up with something like this:

![](/media/6386fc4c2d219a1e08cd3a9b215d9c1c.png)
